Add docs about how to use astro sql project with astro cli project (#1692)
astronomer/docs: astro/cli/sql-cli.md

```

After you run this command, you can add the DAG to an existing Astro project and run it locally or deploy it to Astro.

### Export to an Astro CLI project

After initialising both, the astro cli project as well as the astro sql project, do the following steps to export your SQL workflow as a DAG to an Astro CLI project.

1. Edit the astro sql projects `global.yml` and change `dags_folder` to point to the astro cli `dags` folder and `data_dir` to point to the astro cli `include` folder.
2. For existing astro sql projects, copy the contents of the astro sql projects `data` directory into the astro cli `include` folder. For new projects you can pass a `--data-dir` option on project init to set and copy the contents automatically.

> 3. Run `astro flow run example_basic_transform --project-dir <your-project-dir>` to run a basic example which accesses the `data_dir` and also exports the generated dags to the configured `dags_folder`.

Author: ```suggestion
3. Run `astro flow run example_basic_transform --project-dir <your-project-dir>` to run a basic example which accesses the `data_dir` and also exports the generated DAG to the configured `dags_folder`.

Note that if you also want to run the generated DAG in Airflow, you need to create the connections manually, e.g. via the Airflow UI. In this example you need to add `sqlite_conn`, with connection type `sqlite` and the `host` needs to be `include/imdb.db`.
```

```

After you run this command, you can add the DAG to an existing Astro project and run it locally or deploy it to Astro.

### Export a SQL workflow to an Astro project

> Export SQL a workflow to an Astro project to test the workflow as a DAG and view execution information in the Airflow UI. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Export a SQL workflow to an Astro project to locally test the workflow as a DAG and view execution information in the Airflow UI. 
```

> 1. In the `config/global.yml` file of your SQL project, set `dags_folder` to the location of your Astro project `dags` folder. Set `data_dir` to the location of your Astro project `include` folder.

Reviewer: Could you also set this in individual environment configurations? And if so, would that be a more common programming pattern?

Author: Currently it is not possible. If this becomes a requested feature, we can think about adding it.

> 1. In the `config/global.yml` file of your SQL project, set `dags_folder` to the location of your Astro project `dags` folder. Set `data_dir` to the location of your Astro project `include` folder.

Reviewer: Also, how does the SQL CLI manage relative filepaths? Can we provide an example for a potential filepath? 

"For example, if your Astro project is stored in the same directory as your SQL project, you would specify the following filepath:"

Author: * By default, the file path will be resolved to absolute on init using the project directory
* If you set the directory via the cli option it will be resolved to absolute using the current directory
* If you set the directory in the yaml it needs to be an absolute path

Author: This is what I just discovered. 😅 It definitely needs some improvements and clarity in the docs.

> 1. In the `config/global.yml` file of your SQL project, set `dags_folder` to the location of your Astro project `dags` folder. Set `data_dir` to the location of your Astro project `include` folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the `config/global.yml` file of your SQL project, set `dags_folder` to the absolute file path of your Astro project `dags` folder. Set `data_dir` to the absolute file path of your Astro project `include` folder.
```

> 2. To export a DAG from an existing SQL project, copy the contents your SQL project `data` folder into your Astro project `include` folder. To export a DAG from a new SQL CLI project, run `astro flow init --data-dir` to copy the contents of the default `data` folder into your Astro project.

Reviewer: Should we mention `--airflow-dags-folder` here as well?

Author: Yeah we could.

> 2. To export a DAG from an existing SQL project, copy the contents your SQL project `data` folder into your Astro project `include` folder. To export a DAG from a new SQL CLI project, run `astro flow init --data-dir` to copy the contents of the default `data` folder into your Astro project.

Reviewer 2: @feluelle could you confirm the version of the SQL CLI & Astro CLI in which we have we made the `--data-dir` available? We may only be able to publish this doc upon a stable release of the Astro CLI with the change.

Author: * SQL CLI 0.3.0a0
* Astro CLI 1.9.0 (pre-release), but we are planning to remove this from this release

3. Run the following command to execute your SQL workflow and export the DAG to your Astro CLI `dags` folder:

    ```sh

>     astro flow run <your-workflow> --project-dir <your-project-dir>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    astro flow run <your-workflow> --project-dir <absolute-filepath-to-astro-project-dir>`
```

Author: @jwitz this can also be relative.

Author: The project dir will resolved to absolute using the current directory.

>     astro flow run <your-workflow> --project-dir <absolute-filepath-to-astro-project-directory>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    astro flow run <your-workflow> --project-dir <filepath-to-astro-project-directory>`
```

    ```

You can now run the SQL workflow as a DAG from your Astro project. See [Build and run a project locally](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/develop-project#build-and-run-a-project-locally).

:::info 

> To connect to your configured databases from the Astro CLI, you must manually reconfigure any connections from your SQL project in Airflow. See [Manage connections in Apache Airflow](https://docs.astronomer.io/learn/connections).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you configured databases in your SQL CLI project, you must manually reconfigure these databases in your Astro project through the Airflow UI. See [Manage connections in Apache Airflow](https://docs.astronomer.io/learn/connections).
```
